>> Brian Holt: What's cool about this
modal is we really can put it anywhere,
I'm gonna put it right here at the end.
And this is where I was saying is,
I probably would normally split
this out into a separate file.
But I don't want to today,
so we're not going to.
So focused order, if we have a focused
order we wanna show our modal, right?
And if we don't have a focused modal,
then what do we wanna render?
Nothing, null.
You can render null, that's okay.
Null just means don't render anything.
>> Speaker 2: Is that better
than doing just fragments?
>> Brian Holt: Just something like-
>> Speaker 2: Or, yeah,
that's what I've usually.
>> Brian Holt: My intuition
is it doesn't really matter.
I like null cuz you're expressing is I
literally want nothing to be here, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Yes,
kinda what I [INAUDIBLE].
>> Brian Holt: But again,
we're splitting errors here.
>> Brian Holt: All right, so modal, and
then now we can put
whatever we want in here.
So let's put our model.
So we're gonna say Order # and
then it's gonna be focusedOrder.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then we do have
to make sure that it's loaded, right?
Because the user will select their order,
and it'll render the modal,
but we still need to wait until the stuff
is actually loaded from the API.
So we're gonna say that when
it's not loading past order,
>> Brian Holt: Then do this otherwise,
again, null, or
actually I think I have a loading there.
Yeah, I do all right.
So this is gonna be, what do I have?
Is it a p?
Yeah, it is a p,
<p> Loading ...</p>, like that.
Otherwise, we're gonna do another one
of our favorite things, tables, again.
<Table> <thead>,
you were not sick of hearing me say that,
<tr>, <td>, and it's Image.
Name, let's just copy and
paste a bunch of these.
I need Size, Quantity, Price, Total.
So this is Size, this is Quantity,
this is Price, and this is Total, okay?
Under the thead, we are into the <tbody>.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then inside of here we're gonna do our map
of all the data that we're getting
back from the past order data,
.
And each one of these is gonna be
a pizza that we're getting back
from the order API.
And then inside of that you are gonna
have a <tr key=,
>> Brian Holt: I
have some longer key here,
all right, sounds good.
Again, it just has to be something unique
to the particular thing that we're
looking at.
So I did (`$`},
and this is why.
>> Brian Holt: If you ordered seven
of those Napolitano snake pizzas,
it will collapse that down
to the same quantity.
So you're guaranteed that
the combination of a pizza type Id and
the pizza size will be unique,
that's why I did it this way.
Again, we're not gonna do
any reordering here, so
it's actually kind of not necessary for
us to be so guarded with our key.
But my recommendation for you is,
let's say you become the new Domino's and
you built this pizza system for it.
Maybe later you do need to add the ability
to filter and reorder and stuff like that.
And it's better to just
build these things now,
especially since it's
usually not very hard to.
All right, so for this <td> we're gonna do
an >img_src=,
and the alt is .
>> Brian Holt: And then we're gonna have
a <td> of name, right, .
And again,
I'm just gonna be lazy and copy and
paste this a bunch of times,
Size, Quantity, Price, Total.
Size,
>> Brian Holt: Quantity,
and then we have our price converter,
right?
So we're gonna use our priceConverter
that we just built, .
And
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
>> Brian Holt: That'll be good for
our rows, and drew to body,
the table, the loading.
And we need some ability for
us to be able to close.
So before this,
just I need a button right there.
That's a close,
how are we gonna close our modal?
Maybe a better way of asking the question
is, how do we unrender the modal?
What is modal rendering based on?
FocusedOrder, right?
So what happens if we set focusedOrder
to be null, or undefined, or zero?
>> Brian Holt: It'll unrender it, right?
It just won't be there anymore.
So if we say onClick=,
and we could just say
straight up setFocusedOrder, like that.
So we have to go create
inside of our API directory,
we're gonna create another
file here called getPastOrder.
Not confusing,
definitely not right for us,
typo errors,
nothing to see here, move along.
Export default async
function getPastOrder() {.
>> Brian Holt: And
this takes in an order number.
And we're gonna say const response = await
fetch (`/api/past-order/$`);,
just like that.
Const data = await response.json(); and
return data.
Calls the API looking for
a past order with that,
await response.json(); and
return the data.
All right, so we have passed here,
this is loading.
So we still have no way to open the page,
right?
We haven't added the ability
to click on these rows yet, so
we still have to go do that.
Go into your PastOrder, or
your past.lazy.jsx, and
go to where we're
rendering our buttons here.
So for the order_id we're gonna
make that clickable, yep.
So here, on line 50 here,
we're just gonna put another
HTML element here,
it's gonna be a button onClick.
We're going to just set the order or
the focus order.
SetFocusedOrder to be (order.order_id).
>> Brian Holt: I don't think I need
to do much more than that, nope.
Except, we'll just put
the order_id inside of it.
So all I did was this, I surrounded
this order_id with this button here.
>> Brian Holt: Now, again, remember,
someone's gonna click this button,
it's gonna invoke this function,
it's gonna set the FocusedOrder to
be whatever the order_id was here.
What's that gonna do?
It's then gonna open the modal
because this is just looking for
whenever a focused order exists, right?
>> Brian Holt: Pretty slick, right?
>> Brian Holt: All right, so
now we have nice looking buttons here.
If I click one of these I get
a nice little looking modal.
>> Brian Holt: All right, and then,
again, notice, when I click these,
these ones you'll see
just the briefest flash.
And let's this do our silly thing and
intentionally delay it.
>> Brian Holt: I'll wait for ten seconds.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that's gonna make this wait for
ten seconds,
>> Brian Holt: Whenever
we get there, okay?
We're gonna click this one, and
then now see it's gonna be sit here and
load for a while.
>> Brian Holt: And whenever that finishes,
we should end up seeing our
nice looking pages here.
But again, now if I click it again,
because it's pulling from cache,
it's not hitting that function,
it's gonna be instant.
>> Brian Holt: And again, if I hit this
one, it's gonna make us wait, right,
cuz that one's not in cache right now.
So again, I was kind of talking about
you can actually preload the cache.
So if you're doing some sort
of server side rendering, or
something like that, or
some sort of optimistic loading.
What you could do is you could
go load the first ten orders,
just because you assume people are gonna
be mostly looking at the first ten orders,
and stick those in cache.
And so you would have to do that
ten second wait every single time.
Or, fun fact, you can just go and
delete the await here,
that instant performance for free.
[LAUGH] This was obviously the most
dense part of what we just did.
I would say this is one of
the more advanced React concepts,
or maybe more advanced
client-side React concepts.
Once you get on the server side,
some weird stuff starts to pan out.